my goodness
this will take forever
hi I just heard the most incredible news
ship is docking at the pier today it's
supposed to be incredible you want to
come Oh What's Wrong dog wha won't be
able to go see the ship because of his
paw what happened to his paw it's a long
story but it was my fault
hey maybe telling him about the ship
will cheer mom come on hey I'm getting
good at this
Jawa look just fine to me sure he hurt
his paw I can't believe he's been
pretending to be hurt and he's been
making me do all this stuff for him he
needs to be taught a lesson I know it's
probably gonna be the most exciting
thing ever
did you say something about a ship hell
yeah the grand ship is talking at the
pier today it's supposed to be really
big colorful and magnificent Wow you
wanted to see me Sagwa mom mom can we go
see the ship don't WA your paw it's
better
oh are you pretending no my poor dinner
well at first but when I woke up it
didn't hurt so much anymore it wasn't
nice the way you took advantage of
everyone's concern for you especially
sog was yeah well dong hua you will just
have to gather the banana leaves by
yourself Sagwa
you're excused from that chore can I do
it after I see the ship no you will
gather all the leaves before you do
anything else
ah just in time oh no it must be
repaired it was a gift from the
dignitary who's visiting today
making one cat do all this work just
isn't fair
maybe it wasn't fair of me to make Sawa
clean the whole clubhouse by herself
either I guess that was pretty rotten of
me it sure was
yeah well I'm sorry okay
are you finished it did you fill the pot
with boiling water yes but sit down now
put your feet up and have a cup of tea
with me pardon me I know you've been
working very hard for me lately and I
want you to know that I appreciated that
must be the dignitary now what would I
do without you I said I was sorry I
shouldn't have pretended I was still
hurt okay
yeah it wasn't nice donghwa but I'll
forgive you this time so we're going to
see the ship you want to come I can't I
still have to finish stacking the leaves
okay then bye let's go through
yeah we'll help you that'd be great
then I'll ask mom and Bob if I can go I
really want to thank you I wouldn't have
been able to come see the ship without
you that's true so if there's ever
anything I can do for you just name it
well I didn't have time to finish
cleaning the clubhouse we can both do it
tomorrow like we were supposed to what
well I guess I deserved that
yeah you got that right okay okay you
don't have to rub it in